feat(replay): Update docs for new Replay APIs (#6735)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/configuration.mdx

| replaysOnErrorSampleRate | number | `0`     | The sample rate for replays that are recorded when an error happens. This type of replay will record up to a minute of events prior to the error and continue recording until the session ends. `1.0` captures all sessions with an error, and `0` captures none. |

The following can be configured as integration options in `new Replay({})`:

| Key                    | Type                 | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------------------- | -------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| stickySession          | boolean              | `true`  | Keep track of users across page loads. Note, because closing a tab ends the session, a single user using multiple tabs will be recorded as multiple sessions. |

> | networkDetailAllowUrls | (string \| RegExp)[] | `[]`    | Capture request and response details for XHR and Fetch requests that match the given URLs.                                                                                                 |

Author: So the way this works is that `networkCaptureBodies` is on by default. So in reality you can use it to opt _out_ of capturing bodies.

Any URL matched by `networkDetailAllowUrls` will capture the bodies and the default headers (when no other config is set).

> | networkDetailAllowUrls | (string \| RegExp)[] | `[]`    | Capture request and response details for XHR and Fetch requests that match the given URLs.                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: @mydea "Any URL matched by networkDetailAllowUrls will capture the bodies and the default headers (when no other config is set)." --> Is this true for headers? 

Our "networkRequestHeaders" description says it's for ** capturing ** request headers for URLs defined in networkDetailAllowUrls, rather than "decide whether to capture.."

| networkCaptureBodies   | boolean              | `true`  | Decide whether to capture request and response bodies for URLs defined in `networkDetailAllowUrls`                                                                                                |

> | networkRequestHeaders  | string[]             | `[]`    | Capture request headers in addition to default headers.                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer 2: I agree with jasmin, needs some definition of what the defaults are.

something like this, maybe less wordy?
```suggestion
| networkRequestHeaders  | string[]             | `[]`    | Capture specific request headers in addition to 'accept', 'content-type' & 'content-length' which are included by default when a url matches `networkDetailAllowUrls`.                                                                                                                         |
```

or we could list the default headers down below the table. the same list applies to requests and responses.

> | networkRequestHeaders  | string[]             | `[]`    | Capture request headers in addition to default headers.                                                                                                                         |

Author: I changed it to:

> Capture request headers for URLs defined in `networkDetailAllowUrls`. See [Network Details](#network-details) to learn more.

Plus I also made the default headers a list in there to make them more prominent?

| networkResponseHeaders | string[]             | `[]`    | Capture response headers in addition to default headers.                                                                                                                        |

### Sampling

If you want to understand how exactly our session sampling works, check out our <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/understanding-sessions/#default-session-initialization">Understanding Sessions > Default Session Initialization</PlatformLink> documentation.

### Network Details

> By default, Replay will capture basic information about all outgoing fetch and XHR requests in your application. This includes the URL, request and response body size, method, and status code. The intention is to limit the chance of collecting private data by default.

Reviewer: @mydea (I don't see this addressed in latest Vercel preview so just making sure you've seen this comment :) )

> By default, Replay will capture basic information about all outgoing fetch and XHR requests in your application. This includes the URL, request and response body size, method, and status code. The intention is to limit the chance of collecting private data by default.

Author: I changed it to `fetch` everywhere, this is how I would use this in code as well, so IMHO makes most sense!

> To capture additional information such as headers or bodies, you'll need to opt-in via `networkDetailAllowUrls`. This gives you control to add only URLs that are safe to capture bodies, avoiding any endpoints that can contain personal identifiable information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To capture additional information such as headers or bodies, you'll need to opt-in via `networkDetailAllowUrls`. This gives you control to add only URLs that are safe to capture bodies, avoiding any endpoints that can contain personal identifiable information (i.e., PII).
```

Reviewer: Since we use the acronym "PII" in the later sections. :)

Any URL matching the given pattern(s) will then be captured with additional details:

```javascript
new Replay({

>    networkDetailAllowUrls: ['https://sentry.io/api']

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   networkDetailAllowUrls: ['https://my-website.com/api']
```

});
```

> If you give us a string, we'll match any URL that contains that string. You can use a Regex to handle exact or more complex matches.

Author: looking through docs, we actually do not uppercase this at all usually, so just `regex`!

> If you give us a string, we'll match any URL that contains that string. You can use a Regex to handle exact or more complex matches.

Author: ```suggestion
If you give us a string, we'll match any URL that contains that string. You can use a regex to handle exact or more complex matches.
```

> Requests to a URL matched by the configured patterns will be enhanced with the request and response body, as well as the default headers `content-type`, `content-length`, and `accept, by default. If you want to capture additional headers, you'll have to configure them with the options `networkRequestHeaders` and `networkResponseHeaders`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests to a URL matched by the configured patterns will be enhanced with the request and response body, as well as the default headers `content-type`, `content-length`, and `accept`, by default. If you want to capture additional headers, you'll have to configure them with the options `networkRequestHeaders` and `networkResponseHeaders`.
```

> Note that captured bodies will be truncated to a maximum size of 150k characters. Content in bodies will be PII sanitized server-side, based on object keys and values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: captured bodies will be truncated to a maximum size of 150k characters. Content in bodies will be PII sanitized server-side, based on object keys and values.
```

Reviewer: Can we stylized this "Note" like how we do "Unlike [sessions](https://docs.sentry.io/product/releases/health/#session) on the Releases page, user sessions in Session Replay can span multiple page loads." on [this page](https://docs.sentry.io/product/session-replay/)?

Author: ```suggestion
<Note>
Captured bodies will be truncated to a maximum size of 150k characters. Content in bodies will be PII sanitized server-side, based on object keys and values.
</Note>
```

| stickySession          | boolean              | `true`  | Keep track of users across page loads. Note, because closing a tab ends the session, a single user using multiple tabs will be recorded as multiple sessions. |
| networkDetailAllowUrls | (string \| RegExp)[] | `[]`    | Capture request and response details for XHR and Fetch requests that match the given URLs.                                                                    |
| networkCaptureBodies   | boolean              | `true`  | Decide whether to capture request and response bodies for URLs defined in `networkDetailAllowUrls`.                                                           |
| networkRequestHeaders  | string[]             | `[]`    | Capture request headers for URLs defined in `networkDetailAllowUrls`. See [Network Details](#network-details) to learn more.                                                                               |
| networkResponseHeaders | string[]             | `[]`    | Capture response headers for URLs defined in `networkDetailAllowUrls`. See [Network Details](#network-details) to learn more.                                                                              |

> ### Sampling
> 
> If you want to understand how exactly our session sampling works, check out our <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/understanding-sessions/#default-session-initialization">Understanding Sessions > Default Session Initialization</PlatformLink> documentation.
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Sampling

To learn more about how session sampling works, check out our <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/understanding-sessions/#default-session-initialization"Default Session Initialization</PlatformLink> docs.

```

### Network Details

By default, Replay will capture basic information about all outgoing fetch and XHR requests in your application. This includes the URL, request and response body size, method, and status code. The intention is to limit the chance of collecting private data.

> To capture additional information such as request and response headers or bodies, you'll need to opt-in via `networkDetailAllowUrls`. This gives you control to add only URLs that are safe to capture bodies, avoiding any endpoints that can contain personal identifiable information (i.e., PII).
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To capture additional information such as request and response headers or bodies, you'll need to opt-in via `networkDetailAllowUrls`. This will make it possible for you to elect to only add URLs that are safe for capturing bodies and avoid any endpoints that may contain Personal Identifiable Information, (PII).

```

Any URL matching the given pattern(s) will then be captured with additional details:

```javascript
new Replay({
  networkDetailAllowUrls: ['https://my-website.com/api'],
});
```

If you give us a string, we'll match any URL that contains that string. You can use a regex to handle exact or more complex matches.

Requests to a URL matched by the configured patterns will be enhanced with the request and response body, as well as the following default headers:

* `content-type`
* `content-length`
* `accept`

If you want to capture additional headers, you'll have to configure them with the options `networkRequestHeaders` and `networkResponseHeaders`.

> <Note>
>   Captured bodies will be truncated to a maximum size of 150k characters. Content in
>   bodies will be PII sanitized server-side, based on object keys and values.
> </Note>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<Note>
  Captured bodies will be truncated to 150k characters max. Content in
  bodies will be PII-sanitized server-side, based on object keys and values.
</Note>
```

### Sensitive Data in Request and Response Bodies

> Sentry attempts to scrub certain types of sensitive data from request and response bodies, if you accidentally opt-in to a URL that includes sensitive data. This mechanism happens on our ingestion service, before data hits our disks. This is a best effort approach. Pattern matching the content with things like credit card information, social security numbers and [passwords](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Agetsentry%2Frelay%20PASSWORD_KEY_REGEX&type=code). The best way to avoid PII getting into Sentry is to avoid adding the URL of endpoints that can contain PII.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Sentry attempts to scrub certain types of sensitive data from request and response bodies, if you accidentally opt-in to a URL that includes this type of data. This mechanism happens on our ingestion service, before data hits our disks. This is a best effort approach which pattern-matches the content with things like credit card information, social security numbers, and [passwords](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Agetsentry%2Frelay%20PASSWORD_KEY_REGEX&type=code). The best way to avoid getting PII into Sentry is by not adding URLs of endpoints that may contain PII.
```

The following can be configured as integration options in `new Replay({})`:

| Key                    | Type                 | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------------------- | -------------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| stickySession          | boolean              | `true`  | Keep track of users across page loads. Note, because closing a tab ends the session, a single user using multiple tabs will be recorded as multiple sessions. |
| networkDetailAllowUrls | (string \| RegExp)[] | `[]`    | Capture request and response details for XHR and Fetch requests that match the given URLs.                                                                                                 |

> | networkCaptureBodies   | boolean              | `true`  | Decide whether to capture request and response bodies.                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 3: Lets be clear that this is default `true` but nothing is captured by default.

```suggestion
| networkCaptureBodies   | boolean              | `true`  | Decide whether to capture request and response bodies for URLs defined in `networkDetailAllowUrls`                                                                                                |
```

| networkRequestHeaders  | string[]             | `[]`    | Capture request headers in addition to default headers.                                                                                                                         |
| networkResponseHeaders | string[]             | `[]`    | Capture response headers in addition to default headers.                                                                                                                        |

### Sampling

If you want to understand how exactly our session sampling works, check out our <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/understanding-sessions/#default-session-initialization">Understanding Sessions > Default Session Initialization</PlatformLink> documentation.

### Network Details

> By default, Replay will capture basic information about all outgoing fetch and XHR requests in your application. This includes the URL, request and response body size, method, and status code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, Replay will capture basic information about all outgoing fetch and XHR requests in your application. This includes the URL, request and response body size, method, and status code. The intention is to limit the chance of collecting private data by default.
```

> To capture additional information such as headers or bodies, you'll need to opt-in via `networkDetailAllowUrls`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To capture additional information such as headers or bodies, you'll need to opt-in via `networkDetailAllowUrls`. This configuration is done by URL to give you control to add only URLs that are safe to capture bodies. Avoiding any endpoints that can contain personal identifiable information.
```

Author: reworded this slightly to:

>  This gives you control to add only URLs that are safe to capture bodies, avoiding any endpoints that can contain personal identifiable information.

?

Any URL matching the given pattern(s) will then be captured with additional details:

```javascript
new Replay({
   networkDetailAllowUrls: ['https://sentry.io/api']
});
```

If you give us a string, we'll match any URL that contains that string. You can use a Regex to handle exact or more complex matches.

Requests to a URL matched by the configured patterns will be enhanced with the request and response body, as well as the default headers `content-type`, `content-length`, and `accept, by default. If you want to capture additional headers, you'll have to configure them with the options `networkRequestHeaders` and `networkResponseHeaders`.

> Note that captured bodies will be truncated to a maximum size of 150k characters. Content in bodies will be PII sanitized server-side, based on object keys and values.

Reviewer 3: Maybe this isn't the best place to add this, but trying to tackle: https://github.com/getsentry/team-replay/issues/69

```suggestion
Note that captured bodies will be truncated to a maximum size of 150k characters. Content in bodies will be PII sanitized server-side, based on object keys and values.

### Sensitive data in request and response bodies

Sentry attempts to scrub certain types of sensitive data from request and response bodies, if you accidentally opt-in to a URL that includes sensitive data. This mechanism happens on our ingestion service, before data hits our disks. This is a best effort approach. Pattern matching the content with things like credit card information, social security numbers and [passwords](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Agetsentry%2Frelay%20PASSWORD_KEY_REGEX&type=code). The best way to avoid PII getting into Sentry is to avoid adding the URL of endpoints that can contain PII.
```

| networkRequestHeaders  | string[]             | `[]`    | Request headers to capture in addition to default headers.                                                                                                                         |
| networkResponseHeaders | string[]             | `[]`    | Response headers to capture in addition to default headers.                                                                                                                        |

### Sampling

When Replay is initialized, we check the `replaysSessionSampleRate`.
If it is sampled, then we start recording & sending Replay data immediately.

Else, if `replaysOnErrorSampleRate > 0`, we'll start recording in buffering mode.
In this mode, whenever an error occurs we'll check `replaysOnErrorSampleRate`.
If it is sampled, when we'll upload the Replay to Sentry and continue recording normally.

When both `replaysSessionSampleRate` and `replaysOnErrorSampleRate` are `0`, recording will _not_ start.
In this case, you can <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/understanding-sessions/#manually-starting-recording">manually start recording</PlatformLink>. 

### Network Details

> By default, Replay will capture all outgoing fetch/xhr requests in your application. This includes the URL, request/response body size, method, and status code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, Replay will capture basic information about all outgoing fetch and XHR requests in your application. This includes the URL, request and response body size, method, and status code.
```

If you want to capture additional information like headers or bodies, you need to opt-in for this via `networkDetailAllowUrls`.
Any URL matching the given pattern(s) will be captured with additional detail:

```javascript
new Replay({
   networkDetailAllowUrls: ['https://sentry.io/api']
});
```

When provided a string, we will match any URL that contains the given string. You can use a Regex to handle exact matches or more complex matching.

> Any request to a matching URL will by default be enhanced with the request/response body, as well as the default headers `content-type`, `content-length` and `accept`. If you want to capture additional headers, you have to configure them via `networkRequestHeaders` and `networkResponseHeaders`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Any request to a matching URL will be enhanced with the request and/or response body, as well as the default headers `content-type`, `content-length` and `accept`. If you want to capture additional headers, you can configure them with the options `networkRequestHeaders` and `networkResponseHeaders`.
```

Author: see comment below by @lizokm

> Any request to a matching URL will by default be enhanced with the request/response body, as well as the default headers `content-type`, `content-length` and `accept`. If you want to capture additional headers, you have to configure them via `networkRequestHeaders` and `networkResponseHeaders`.

Author: Hmm, I think this is not entirely correct - I'll update it to your suggestion, with the start being:

> Requests to a URL matched by the configured patterns will be enhanced....

Does that sound reasonable to you?

> Note that captured bodies will be truncated to a max. size of about 150k characters. Content in bodies will be PII sanitized based on object keys & values.

Reviewer 3: TODO: Link to PII stripping doc we'll add later

```suggestion
Note that captured bodies will be truncated to a maximum size of about 150k characters. Content in bodies will be PII sanitized server-side, based on object keys & values.
```
